DOC update model persistence page to provide clearer recommendations (#28189)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/model_persistence.rst

To convert scikit-learn model to PMML you can use for example `sklearn2pmml
<https://github.com/jpmml/sklearn2pmml>`_ distributed under the Affero GPLv3
license.

Summarizing the keypoints
-------------------------

Based on the different approaches for model persistence, the keypoints for each
approach can be summarized as follows:

* `pickle`: It is native to Python and any Python object can be serialized and
  deserialized using `pickle`, including custom Python classes and objects.
  While `pickle` can be used to easily save and load scikit-learn models,
  unpickling of untrusted data might lead to security issues.
* `joblib`: Efficient storage and memory mapping techniques make it faster

>   for serializing and deserializing large numpy arrays. However, care must be
>   taken when loading untrusted data as it can lead to the execution of
>   arbitrary Python code, which may be malicious.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  when working with large machine learning models or large numpy arrays. However,
  it may trigger the execution of malicious code while loading untrusted data.
```

To convert scikit-learn model to PMML you can use for example `sklearn2pmml
<https://github.com/jpmml/sklearn2pmml>`_ distributed under the Affero GPLv3
license.

Choosing the right approach for model persistence

> -------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: I have the sensation this whole section says almost the same as the `Summarizing the keypoints` section afterwards. I would rather keep the latter for easier reading, but maybe enrich the summary if needed, e.g.
```
* `ONNX`: It provides a uniform format for persisting any machine learning
  or deep learning model (other than scikit-learn) and is useful
  for model inference. It can however, result in compatibility issues with
  different frameworks.
```
